Idle federation members kicker documentation (#3644)
stratisproject/StratisBitcoinFullNode: Documentation/Features/PoA/PoA_idleFedMembersKicker.md

### Idle Federation Members Kicker

> This feature kicks federation members in case they were not active for a prolonged period of time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature kicks federation members where they have not been active for a prolonged period of time. 
```

To enable it you need to configure the network appropriately:

> First of all voting feature should be enabled because kicking is done via voting process among all federation members, kicking a member requires a majority of votes in favor of kicking a fed member. To enable voting you need to set `PoAConsensusOptions.VotingEnabled` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all voting the feature should be enabled because kicking is done via a voting process amongst all federation members. Kicking a member requires a majority of votes in favor of kicking a member. To enable voting you need to set `PoAConsensusOptions.VotingEnabled` to `true`.
```

> To enable kicking of idle fed members you need to set `PoAConsensusOptions.AutoKickIdleMembers` to `true` and optionally change `PoAConsensusOptions.FederationMemberMaxIdleTimeSeconds`.  `FederationMemberMaxIdleTimeSeconds` is the time that federation member has to be idle to be kicked by others. By default it is set to 7 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable kicking of idle fed members you need to set `PoAConsensusOptions.AutoKickIdleMembers` to `true` and optionally change `PoAConsensusOptions.FederationMemberMaxIdleTimeSeconds`.  `FederationMemberMaxIdleTimeSeconds` is the time that the federation member has to be idle to be kicked by others. By default this is set to 7 days.
```

> Component that implements kicking functionality is `IdleFederationMembersKicker`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component that implements the kicking functionality is `IdleFederationMembersKicker`.
```

> Federation member's inactive time is counter from the moment last block was produced by that federation member or, in case federation member never produced a single block time is counted from the time when first block after genesis was mined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Federation member's inactive time is counted from the moment the last block was produced by that particular federation member or, in the case where the federation member never produced a single block, time is counted from when the first block after genesis was mined.
```
